README.md, before:

# Unity editor plugin [Time recorder] - Beta
Easy way to track develop work time while unity editor is open, track your develop time per project

![Image of time recorder](./img/time-recorder.png)

# Instructions/requirements
- Easy way: install via [TimeRecorder.unitypackage](./TimeRecorder.unitypackage)
- Make sure only copy repo assets folder into your assets/plugins folder inside your project
- Have installed UIElements package for unity

You can find the time recorder window in Window/Meaf75/Time recorder

![Image of time recorder path](./img/time-recorder-path.png)

# Extra info
- TimeRecorder automatically start their process on open your Unity Project.
- The time that you spend on your project is saved each 5 minutes or when you close your project.
- You can change between months with the arrow buttons located in the window header.
- Month name is displayed according user os language location.
- In case of try to repaint window, you can find a custom menu option into the 3 dots window button and force repaint.
![Image of time recorder repaint path](./img/repaint-option.png)

Commit message:

Added an option to make a time recorder backup & restore data from a time recorder backup file.

README.md, after:

# Unity editor plugin [Time recorder] - Beta
Easy way to track develop work time while unity editor is open, track your develop time per project

![Image of time recorder](./img/time-recorder.png)

# Instructions/requirements
- Easy way: install via [TimeRecorder.unitypackage](./TimeRecorder.unitypackage)
- Make sure only copy repo assets folder into your assets/plugins folder inside your project
- Have installed UIElements package for unity

You can find the time recorder window at Window/Meaf75/Time recorder

![Image of time recorder path](./img/time-recorder-path.png)

# Time recorder tools

You can find the time recorder tools at Window/Meaf75/Time recorder tools
![Image of time recorder tools path](./img/time-recorder-tools-path.png)

- In the case you want to make a backup of you "time recorder" data you can make a file backup with the "Generate backup" option.

- I case you want to restore your time recorded data, you can use a backup file to restore your "Time recorder" data

![Time recorder tools](./img/time-recorder-tools.png)



# Extra info
- TimeRecorder automatically start their process on open your Unity Project.
- The time that you spend on your project is saved each 5 minutes or when you close your project.
- You can change between months with the arrow buttons located in the window header.
- Month name is displayed according user os language location.
- In case of try to repaint window, you can find a custom menu option into the 3 dots window button and force repaint.
![Image of time recorder repaint path](./img/repaint-option.png)
